Do you want to hear this sound?
She'll do the sound.
It's true, but I will explain it to you, so don't expand.
You are really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, truly
Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, out of it. Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, out of it. Really real
Why are you so little here?
Really happy thank you
Can you take a meal with me?
Or do you want to go home to be with your husband?
I'm afraid he wants me to accompany you now.